Organizing and updating intro, etc. (#29)
Co-Epi/CEN: README.md

> This is a work-in-progress document. Changes are tracked through PRs
> and issues.

**What's on this page:**

  * [Introduction](#introduction)
  * [Ideal functionality and trust assumptions in contact tracing systems](#ideal-functionality-and-trust-assumptions-in-contact-tracing-systems)
  * [A strawman protocol](#a-strawman-protocol)
  * [The CEN Protocol](#the-cen-protocol)
  * [CEN sharing with Bluetooth Low Energy](#cen-sharing-with-bluetooth-low-energy)

>   * [Contributors](#contributors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Contributors](#contributors)
As it is a work-in-progress, this page also contains rough notes: 
```

Reviewer: Just a brief note to indicate to the reader that the first part and the second part are at different readiness levels.

- [Notes to be merged with main document](#notes-to-be-merged-with-main-document)
  * [Key rotation and compression factor](#key-rotation-and-compression-factor)
  * [Rotation considerations](#rotation-considerations)
  * [Further considerations](#further-considerations)
  * [Attacks](#attacks)
    + [Linkage Attack](#linkage-attack)
    + [Replay Attack](#replay-attack)
  * [Counting CEN collisions](#counting-cen-collisions)
***

## Introduction

This document describes **Contact Event Numbers**, a decentralized,
privacy-first contact tracing protocol developed by [CoEpi] and

> [CovidWatch]. However, this protcol is not limited in use to CoEpi or CovidWatch, and is built with the goal of being used more broadly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CovidWatch]. However, this protocol is not limited to use solely by CoEpi or CovidWatch, and is built to be extensible, with the goal of being used more broadly. 
```
